docs(graalvm): graalvm examples (#2499)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/15.how-to-guides/javascript.md

Once this has executed, `duration` will be viewable under **Metrics**.
![metrics](/docs/how-to-guides/nodejs/metrics.png)

## Execute GraalVM Task

Kestra also supports GraalVM integration, allowing you to execute JavaScript code directly on the JVM, with the potential for performance improvements. There are currently two tasks:
- [Eval](/plugins/plugin-graalvm/js/io.kestra.plugin.graalvm.js.eval)
- [FileTransform](/plugins/plugin-graalvm/js/io.kestra.plugin.graalvm.js.filetransform)

> In this example, the `Eval` is used to manipulate data from a previous task. As GraalVM can polyfill from Java, we can use `int()` to convert the string into an integer. Additionally, the use of the `outputs` property simplies the process of fetching variables from JavaScript and being able to access them inside of Kestra. Useful if you want to manipulate data and pass the new format to another task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the `Eval` task is used to manipulate data from a previous task. As GraalVM can polyfill from Java, we can use the `int()` function to convert the string into an integer. Additionally, using the `outputs` property simplifies the process of fetching variables from JavaScript and accessing them inside Kestra. It is useful if you want to manipulate data and pass the new format to another task.
```
